CREDITS.md, before:

# Credits

This page lists all the individual contributions to the project by their author.

- **AlexB**:
  - Make OverlayTypes 27 to 38 (fourth Tiberium images) passable by infantry (by AlexB)
- **Belonit (Gluk-v48)**:
  - Check for Changelog/Documentation/Credits in Pull Requests.
  - Docs dark theme switcher.
- **CCHyper/tomsons26**:
  - Vinifera foundations: TS++, game.exe hooker, extension system and other core features
  - Implement `CurleyShuffle` for AircraftTypes
  - Implement `ReloadRate` for AircraftTypes
  - Implement `AILegalTarget` for TechnoTypes
  - Add support for up to 32767 waypoints to be used in scenarios.
  - Implement the loading of Tutorial messages from scenarios.
  - Fix HouseType `Nod` having the `Prefix=B` and `Side=GDI` in vanilla `rules.ini` by setting them to `N` and `Nod`, respectively.
  - Fix a bug where VQA files could not be loaded from the root directory or local search paths.
  - Allow the remap color of `Neutral` and `Special` houses to be overridden in multiplayer games.
  - Add RequiredAddon to Theme control types.
  - Implement `IntroMovie` for Campaigns.
  - Fix a bug where the player could issue a harvester to begin harvesting Tiberium that is below a bridge while the mouse is over the bridge itself.
  - Fix a bug where the values of `RandomRate` were not stored correctly.
  - Implement `DebugOnly` for Campaigns.
  - Fix a bug where the `FSMENU` theme would incorrectly play instead of the `INTRO` theme when in Tiberian Sun mode after returning to the main menu.
  - Implement developer commands for instant superweapon recharge.
  - Add support for PNG images as an alternative to PCX images.
  - Implement option to display the super weapon recharge timer on the tactical view.
  - Implement `CanPassiveAcquire` for TechnoTypes.
  - Implement `CanRetaliate` for TechnoTypes.
  - Fix a bug where the game would crash when a trigger with the action "Wakeup group..." is executed and the requested Group was not found.
  - Add loading of `MPLAYER.INI` and `MPLAYERFS.INI` to override Rules data for multiplayer games.
  - Allow the game's Window title, Cursor and Icon to be overridden.
  - Implement `IdleRate`, `StartIdleFrame` and `IdleFrames` for TechnoTypes.
  - Add loading of `GENERIC.MIX` and `ISOGEN.MIX` mixfiles.
  - The game will no longer fail to start if the startup mix files are not found.
  - Implement support for new custom theater types.
  - Add loading of `ELOCAL(00-99).MIX` expansion mixfiles.
  - Fix a bug where animations with a `DetailLevel` value greater than 2 would not show in-game.
  - Add Rules INI selection dialog for Developer Mode.
  - Implement the "Build Off Ally" feature from Red Alert 2.
  - Adds background fill behind in-game user typed messages.
  - Fix a bug where `EngineerDamage` was incorrectly loaded with `EngineerCaptureLevel`.
  - Fix a bug where `EngineerDamage` was not used to calculate the engineer damage.
  - Fix a bug where `EngineerCaptureLevel` was not considered when checking the target building.
  - Fix a number of issues related to the "multi-engineer" logic.
  - Implement JumpCamera (North, South, East and West) commands.
  - Implement `EnterTransportSound` and `LeaveTransportSound` for TechnoTypes.
  - Fix a bug where air transports are unable to land when given a move order.
  - Hardcode shroud and fog graphics to circumvent cheating in multiplayer games.
  - Implement `Mechanic` and `OmniHealer` for InfantryTypes.
  - Add support for 8-bit PCX and PNG cameos.
  - Implement `Soylent` for TechnoTypes.
  - Implement `SpawnDelay` for BulletTypes.
  - Implements `Suicide` and `DeleteOnSuicide` for WeaponTypes.
  - Implement`VoiceHarvest`, `VoiceDeploy`, `VoiceEnter`, and `VoiceCapture` for TechnoTypes.
  - Implement various Red Alert 2 AnimType features.
  - Add game options to allow MCV's to auto-deploy on game start and to pre-place construction yards instead of spawning an MCV.
  - Add developer commands for placing and removing Tiberium from a cell.
  - Implement Electric Bolts for WeaponTypes.
  - Fix the position of the health bar graphic on unit selection boxes.
  - Make the position of the health bar graphic on unit selection boxes customizable.
  - Output screenshots to their own sub-directory.
  - Echo the user's sent messages back to them as confirmation they were sent.
  - Reimplement the command line argument `-CD` from Red Alert to allow file search path override logic.
  - Allow the score screen to be skipped at the end of a multiplayer game.
  - Add warning notification if a NULL house instance is detected during the game loading screen.
  - Implement light sources for TerrainTypes.
  - Fix a bug where the agme would crash when attempting to generate a random map if the `Neutral` or `Special` HouseTypes are not found.
  - Fix a bug where the agme would crash when attempting to generate a random map if there are fewer than 4 HouseTypes defined.
  - Fix a limitation where the game could only choose between the first two HouseTypes for the AI players.
  - Add command line options to skip to specific game modes and to skip startup movies.
  - Implement diagonal scroll commands.
  - Fix a bug where the `Cloakable=yes` had no effect on AircraftTypes. 
  - Add keyboard commands for playing previous and next music tracks in the jukebox.
  - Implement CloakSound and UncloakSound for TechnoTypes.
  - Restore the screen shake when a strong unit or building is destroyed.
  - Implement various Red Alert 2 WarheadType features.
  - Add reading of Weapons list from RULES.INI.\
  - Allow WalkRate to be optionally loaded from ART.INI image entries.
  - Fix a bug where `CloakStop` had no effect on the cloaking behaviour.
  - Add gate rising and lowering sound overrides for buildings.
  - Add UnitType flag to prevent a vehicle from being picked up by a Carryall.
  - Add support for a custom unloading class when a harvester is unloading at a refinery.
  - Implement ToggleAIControlCommandClass.
  - Add support for more graphic facings for UnitTypes and various associated items.
  - Implement ToggleFrameStepCommandClass.
  - Fix a bug where pre-placed crates and crates spawned by a destroyed truck will trigger a respawn when they are picked up.
  - Increase the string buffer size from 128 to 2048 characters for when reading and writing Owners from INI.
  - Thicken the waypoint and rally point lines and adds stroke/outline to the waypoint number. 
  - Fix bugs where the Jumpjet uses the wrong animation sequence when firing and in the air.
  - Fix a bug where the wrong palette is used to draw the cameo above an enemy spied factory building.
  - Fix the animation speed of Waypoint and Rally Point lines so they are normalised and no longer subjected to the game speed setting.
  - Fix a limitation where returning to the Skirmish dialog after a game clamps the chosen side between 0 (GDI) and 1 (Nod).
  - Fix a bug where the user is able to place a building anywhere on the map by taking advantage of the sidebar.
  - Implement hotkey command to enter the manual placement mode.
  - Allow harvesters to be considered when executing the "Guard" command.
  - Fix division by zero crashes when ShakeScreen is set to 0.
  - Increase the IsoMapPack5 buffer size when decoding a map.
  - Fix a bug where looping animations incorrectly use the unsynchronized RNG.
  - Fix a bug where `IsTrainable` is not checked when an object picks up a veteracy crate.
  - Harvesters now auto harvest when built from the war factory.
  - Patch to allow Skirmish games to be started with no AI house(s).
  - Fix a bug where `IsInsignificant` was not checked when a unit dies.
  - Implement the Produce Cash logic for BuildingTypes.
  - Fix the incorrect (RA legacy) cell calculation for the "move to cell" team script.
  - Fix a bug where the sidebar mouse wheel scrolling "error" sound can be heard at the main menu.
  - Fix a bug with TriggerTypes not setting difficulty flags correctly when reading from INI.
  - Fix a bug with triggers enabled via other triggers ignoring difficulty settings.
  - Fix MultiMission `MaxPlayers` incorrectly loaded with `MinPlayers`.
  - Fix to maintain aspect ratio when scaling movies/videos.
  - Fix incorrect spelling of "Loser" on the multiplayer score screen debug output.
  - Fix incorrect stretching of the main menu transition movies.
  - Bugfixes and improvements for the Dropship Loadout menu.
  - Add various developer mode hotkey commands.
  - Add a "Load Game" button to the retry dialog on mission failure.
  - Save screenshots as a PNG file instead of PCX file.
  - Add support for playing the renamed intro movies from The First Decade and Freeware TS installations.
  - Implement the Blowfish algorithm and removes the requirement for BLOWFISH.DLL.
  - Allow the game to continue if the side specific mix files are not found.
  - Change the default value of AllowHiResModes to true.
  - Implement CnCNet4 support.
  - Implement CnCNet5 support.
  - Adds keyboard commands to reproduce the last items that were built.
  - Change starting unit placement to be the same as Red Alert 2.
  - Add the framework for new ArmorTypes.
- **Kerbiter (Metadorius)**:
  - Initial documentation setup.
- **MarkJFox**:
  - Graphics for the new sidebar fitting vanilla sidebar.
- **Rampastring**:
  - Add `IceStrength` to Rules, and `IceDestructionEnabled` scenario option.
  - Add `ImmuneToEMP` to TechnoTypes.
  - Add `TransformsInto` and `TransformRequiresFullCharge` to UnitTypes.
  - Add extended descriptions in tooltips for objects on the sidebar.
  - Add developer command to dump all existing triggers, tags, and local and global variables to the log output.
  - Make it possible to assign rally points to service depots.
  - Fix the economy score in the score screen. Dead players also have a score and the score is a percentage of the credits spent by the player who spent the most credits.
  - Fix a bug where players were only able to queue up to `(BuildLimit - 1)` objects when an object has `BuildLimit > 0`. (Fix ported from Ares)
  - Fix an issue where losers were not marked as defeated in multiplayer when using `TACTION_WIN` or `TACTION_LOSE` to end the game.
  - Fix a bug where the game could read Infantry DoControls out of bounds, potentially causing a desync error in multiplayer.
  - Fix a bug where pre-placed powered-down superweapon buildings had their superweapons enabled on scenario start.
  - Fix a bug where the AI would sell off buildings with `Artillary=yes`, `TickTank=yes` or `IsJuggernaut=yes` that had `UndeploysInto=none` when they were fired at by something outside of their weapon range.
  - Fix a bug where harvesters on large maps could prefer unloading at refineries that were the longest distance away from the harvesters.
  - Fix a bug where the camera kept following a followed object when a trigger or script told it to center on a waypoint or team.
  - Fix a bug where aircraft are unable to attack shrouded targets in campaign games and instead get stuck in mid-air.
  - Fix a bug where the player was able to input keyboard commands while input was locked through a trigger action.
  - Fix a bug where a vehicle transport could end up attached to its own cargo, causing the transport to disappear upon unloading.
- **secsome**:
  - Add support for up to 32767 waypoints to be used in scenarios.
- **ZivDero**:
  - Filling the documentation for previously implemented features.
  - Add support for up to 32767 waypoints to be used in scenarios.
  - Allow customizing the pips used for Tiberiums in unit storage, as well as their draw order.
  - Buildings now show their storage with the proper pips, instead of showing pip 1 for all tiberiums.
  - The pip used to diplay weeds can now be customized via `[AudioVisual]->WeedPipIndex`.
  - Technos can have a custom pip be drawn in the same place as the medic pip using `[TechnoType]->SpecialPipIndex`.
  - The location of the control group number and veterancy pips can now be customized in `UI.ini`.
  - MaxPips can now we customized.
  - Allow adding new Tiberiums and customizing their Image.
  - Reimplement the sidebar to have tabs.
  - Fix a bug where under some circumstances, the player could hear "New Construction Options", even though no new construction options were available.
  - Add the ability to queue/dequeue 5 units at a time, or dequeue all units instantly.
  - Fix a bug where attempting to start construction when low funds would put the queue on hold.
  - Port the fix for the (Whiteboy bug)[https://modenc.renegadeprojects.com/Whiteboy-Bug].
  - Implement the support for new ArmorTypes and allow forbidding force-fire, passive-acquire and retaliation versus specific armor types.
  - Fix a bug where the objects would sometimes receive a minimum of 1 damage even if MinDamage was set to 0.
  - Add a developer command to dump all heaps to the log.
  - Make harvesters drop the Tiberium type they're carrying on death, instead of Tiberium Riparius.
  - Make it so that it is no longer required to list all Tiberiums in a map to override some Tiberium's properties.

Commit message:

Fix bug where a harvester could be ordered to dock with a refinery that wasn't listed in the harvester's Dock= key
Related to issue #129

CREDITS.md, after:

# Credits

This page lists all the individual contributions to the project by their author.

- **AlexB**:
  - Make OverlayTypes 27 to 38 (fourth Tiberium images) passable by infantry (by AlexB)
- **Belonit (Gluk-v48)**:
  - Check for Changelog/Documentation/Credits in Pull Requests.
  - Docs dark theme switcher.
- **CCHyper/tomsons26**:
  - Vinifera foundations: TS++, game.exe hooker, extension system and other core features
  - Implement `CurleyShuffle` for AircraftTypes
  - Implement `ReloadRate` for AircraftTypes
  - Implement `AILegalTarget` for TechnoTypes
  - Add support for up to 32767 waypoints to be used in scenarios.
  - Implement the loading of Tutorial messages from scenarios.
  - Fix HouseType `Nod` having the `Prefix=B` and `Side=GDI` in vanilla `rules.ini` by setting them to `N` and `Nod`, respectively.
  - Fix a bug where VQA files could not be loaded from the root directory or local search paths.
  - Allow the remap color of `Neutral` and `Special` houses to be overridden in multiplayer games.
  - Add RequiredAddon to Theme control types.
  - Implement `IntroMovie` for Campaigns.
  - Fix a bug where the player could issue a harvester to begin harvesting Tiberium that is below a bridge while the mouse is over the bridge itself.
  - Fix a bug where the values of `RandomRate` were not stored correctly.
  - Implement `DebugOnly` for Campaigns.
  - Fix a bug where the `FSMENU` theme would incorrectly play instead of the `INTRO` theme when in Tiberian Sun mode after returning to the main menu.
  - Implement developer commands for instant superweapon recharge.
  - Add support for PNG images as an alternative to PCX images.
  - Implement option to display the super weapon recharge timer on the tactical view.
  - Implement `CanPassiveAcquire` for TechnoTypes.
  - Implement `CanRetaliate` for TechnoTypes.
  - Fix a bug where the game would crash when a trigger with the action "Wakeup group..." is executed and the requested Group was not found.
  - Add loading of `MPLAYER.INI` and `MPLAYERFS.INI` to override Rules data for multiplayer games.
  - Allow the game's Window title, Cursor and Icon to be overridden.
  - Implement `IdleRate`, `StartIdleFrame` and `IdleFrames` for TechnoTypes.
  - Add loading of `GENERIC.MIX` and `ISOGEN.MIX` mixfiles.
  - The game will no longer fail to start if the startup mix files are not found.
  - Implement support for new custom theater types.
  - Add loading of `ELOCAL(00-99).MIX` expansion mixfiles.
  - Fix a bug where animations with a `DetailLevel` value greater than 2 would not show in-game.
  - Add Rules INI selection dialog for Developer Mode.
  - Implement the "Build Off Ally" feature from Red Alert 2.
  - Adds background fill behind in-game user typed messages.
  - Fix a bug where `EngineerDamage` was incorrectly loaded with `EngineerCaptureLevel`.
  - Fix a bug where `EngineerDamage` was not used to calculate the engineer damage.
  - Fix a bug where `EngineerCaptureLevel` was not considered when checking the target building.
  - Fix a number of issues related to the "multi-engineer" logic.
  - Implement JumpCamera (North, South, East and West) commands.
  - Implement `EnterTransportSound` and `LeaveTransportSound` for TechnoTypes.
  - Fix a bug where air transports are unable to land when given a move order.
  - Hardcode shroud and fog graphics to circumvent cheating in multiplayer games.
  - Implement `Mechanic` and `OmniHealer` for InfantryTypes.
  - Add support for 8-bit PCX and PNG cameos.
  - Implement `Soylent` for TechnoTypes.
  - Implement `SpawnDelay` for BulletTypes.
  - Implements `Suicide` and `DeleteOnSuicide` for WeaponTypes.
  - Implement`VoiceHarvest`, `VoiceDeploy`, `VoiceEnter`, and `VoiceCapture` for TechnoTypes.
  - Implement various Red Alert 2 AnimType features.
  - Add game options to allow MCV's to auto-deploy on game start and to pre-place construction yards instead of spawning an MCV.
  - Add developer commands for placing and removing Tiberium from a cell.
  - Implement Electric Bolts for WeaponTypes.
  - Fix the position of the health bar graphic on unit selection boxes.
  - Make the position of the health bar graphic on unit selection boxes customizable.
  - Output screenshots to their own sub-directory.
  - Echo the user's sent messages back to them as confirmation they were sent.
  - Reimplement the command line argument `-CD` from Red Alert to allow file search path override logic.
  - Allow the score screen to be skipped at the end of a multiplayer game.
  - Add warning notification if a NULL house instance is detected during the game loading screen.
  - Implement light sources for TerrainTypes.
  - Fix a bug where the agme would crash when attempting to generate a random map if the `Neutral` or `Special` HouseTypes are not found.
  - Fix a bug where the agme would crash when attempting to generate a random map if there are fewer than 4 HouseTypes defined.
  - Fix a limitation where the game could only choose between the first two HouseTypes for the AI players.
  - Add command line options to skip to specific game modes and to skip startup movies.
  - Implement diagonal scroll commands.
  - Fix a bug where the `Cloakable=yes` had no effect on AircraftTypes. 
  - Add keyboard commands for playing previous and next music tracks in the jukebox.
  - Implement CloakSound and UncloakSound for TechnoTypes.
  - Restore the screen shake when a strong unit or building is destroyed.
  - Implement various Red Alert 2 WarheadType features.
  - Add reading of Weapons list from RULES.INI.\
  - Allow WalkRate to be optionally loaded from ART.INI image entries.
  - Fix a bug where `CloakStop` had no effect on the cloaking behaviour.
  - Add gate rising and lowering sound overrides for buildings.
  - Add UnitType flag to prevent a vehicle from being picked up by a Carryall.
  - Add support for a custom unloading class when a harvester is unloading at a refinery.
  - Implement ToggleAIControlCommandClass.
  - Add support for more graphic facings for UnitTypes and various associated items.
  - Implement ToggleFrameStepCommandClass.
  - Fix a bug where pre-placed crates and crates spawned by a destroyed truck will trigger a respawn when they are picked up.
  - Increase the string buffer size from 128 to 2048 characters for when reading and writing Owners from INI.
  - Thicken the waypoint and rally point lines and adds stroke/outline to the waypoint number. 
  - Fix bugs where the Jumpjet uses the wrong animation sequence when firing and in the air.
  - Fix a bug where the wrong palette is used to draw the cameo above an enemy spied factory building.
  - Fix the animation speed of Waypoint and Rally Point lines so they are normalised and no longer subjected to the game speed setting.
  - Fix a limitation where returning to the Skirmish dialog after a game clamps the chosen side between 0 (GDI) and 1 (Nod).
  - Fix a bug where the user is able to place a building anywhere on the map by taking advantage of the sidebar.
  - Implement hotkey command to enter the manual placement mode.
  - Allow harvesters to be considered when executing the "Guard" command.
  - Fix division by zero crashes when ShakeScreen is set to 0.
  - Increase the IsoMapPack5 buffer size when decoding a map.
  - Fix a bug where looping animations incorrectly use the unsynchronized RNG.
  - Fix a bug where `IsTrainable` is not checked when an object picks up a veteracy crate.
  - Harvesters now auto harvest when built from the war factory.
  - Patch to allow Skirmish games to be started with no AI house(s).
  - Fix a bug where `IsInsignificant` was not checked when a unit dies.
  - Implement the Produce Cash logic for BuildingTypes.
  - Fix the incorrect (RA legacy) cell calculation for the "move to cell" team script.
  - Fix a bug where the sidebar mouse wheel scrolling "error" sound can be heard at the main menu.
  - Fix a bug with TriggerTypes not setting difficulty flags correctly when reading from INI.
  - Fix a bug with triggers enabled via other triggers ignoring difficulty settings.
  - Fix MultiMission `MaxPlayers` incorrectly loaded with `MinPlayers`.
  - Fix to maintain aspect ratio when scaling movies/videos.
  - Fix incorrect spelling of "Loser" on the multiplayer score screen debug output.
  - Fix incorrect stretching of the main menu transition movies.
  - Bugfixes and improvements for the Dropship Loadout menu.
  - Add various developer mode hotkey commands.
  - Add a "Load Game" button to the retry dialog on mission failure.
  - Save screenshots as a PNG file instead of PCX file.
  - Add support for playing the renamed intro movies from The First Decade and Freeware TS installations.
  - Implement the Blowfish algorithm and removes the requirement for BLOWFISH.DLL.
  - Allow the game to continue if the side specific mix files are not found.
  - Change the default value of AllowHiResModes to true.
  - Implement CnCNet4 support.
  - Implement CnCNet5 support.
  - Adds keyboard commands to reproduce the last items that were built.
  - Change starting unit placement to be the same as Red Alert 2.
  - Add the framework for new ArmorTypes.
- **Kerbiter (Metadorius)**:
  - Initial documentation setup.
- **MarkJFox**:
  - Graphics for the new sidebar fitting vanilla sidebar.
- **Rampastring**:
  - Add `IceStrength` to Rules, and `IceDestructionEnabled` scenario option.
  - Add `ImmuneToEMP` to TechnoTypes.
  - Add `TransformsInto` and `TransformRequiresFullCharge` to UnitTypes.
  - Add extended descriptions in tooltips for objects on the sidebar.
  - Add developer command to dump all existing triggers, tags, and local and global variables to the log output.
  - Make it possible to assign rally points to service depots.
  - Fix the economy score in the score screen. Dead players also have a score and the score is a percentage of the credits spent by the player who spent the most credits.
  - Fix a bug where players were only able to queue up to `(BuildLimit - 1)` objects when an object has `BuildLimit > 0`. (Fix ported from Ares)
  - Fix an issue where losers were not marked as defeated in multiplayer when using `TACTION_WIN` or `TACTION_LOSE` to end the game.
  - Fix a bug where the game could read Infantry DoControls out of bounds, potentially causing a desync error in multiplayer.
  - Fix a bug where pre-placed powered-down superweapon buildings had their superweapons enabled on scenario start.
  - Fix a bug where the AI would sell off buildings with `Artillary=yes`, `TickTank=yes` or `IsJuggernaut=yes` that had `UndeploysInto=none` when they were fired at by something outside of their weapon range.
  - Fix a bug where harvesters on large maps could prefer unloading at refineries that were the longest distance away from the harvesters.
  - Fix a bug where the camera kept following a followed object when a trigger or script told it to center on a waypoint or team.
  - Fix a bug where aircraft are unable to attack shrouded targets in campaign games and instead get stuck in mid-air.
  - Fix a bug where the player was able to input keyboard commands while input was locked through a trigger action.
  - Fix a bug where a vehicle transport could end up attached to its own cargo, causing the transport to disappear upon unloading.
  - Fix a bug where a harvester could be ordered to dock with a refinery that wasn't listed in the harvester's `Dock=` key.
- **secsome**:
  - Add support for up to 32767 waypoints to be used in scenarios.
- **ZivDero**:
  - Filling the documentation for previously implemented features.
  - Add support for up to 32767 waypoints to be used in scenarios.
  - Allow customizing the pips used for Tiberiums in unit storage, as well as their draw order.
  - Buildings now show their storage with the proper pips, instead of showing pip 1 for all tiberiums.
  - The pip used to diplay weeds can now be customized via `[AudioVisual]->WeedPipIndex`.
  - Technos can have a custom pip be drawn in the same place as the medic pip using `[TechnoType]->SpecialPipIndex`.
  - The location of the control group number and veterancy pips can now be customized in `UI.ini`.
  - MaxPips can now we customized.
  - Allow adding new Tiberiums and customizing their Image.
  - Reimplement the sidebar to have tabs.
  - Fix a bug where under some circumstances, the player could hear "New Construction Options", even though no new construction options were available.
  - Add the ability to queue/dequeue 5 units at a time, or dequeue all units instantly.
  - Fix a bug where attempting to start construction when low funds would put the queue on hold.
  - Port the fix for the (Whiteboy bug)[https://modenc.renegadeprojects.com/Whiteboy-Bug].
  - Implement the support for new ArmorTypes and allow forbidding force-fire, passive-acquire and retaliation versus specific armor types.
  - Fix a bug where the objects would sometimes receive a minimum of 1 damage even if MinDamage was set to 0.
  - Add a developer command to dump all heaps to the log.
  - Make harvesters drop the Tiberium type they're carrying on death, instead of Tiberium Riparius.
  - Make it so that it is no longer required to list all Tiberiums in a map to override some Tiberium's properties.
